fix: issue with multithreading lock (#918)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/#semantic-versioning-200).

## [2.3.5] - ???

> ### :crab: Changed
> - Fix issue with deadlock while using prepared transactions and PostgreSQL Explicit Locking ([PR #918](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/918)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### :bug: Fixed
- Fix issue with deadlock while using prepared transactions and PostgreSQL Explicit Locking ([PR #918](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/918)) 
```
